docs/DAO-Management/creating-DAOs/multisig-DAO.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Create a Multisig DAO

![multisigwizard](/img/multisig-DAO/multisig-wizard.png)

The multisig option is the first and easiest way to create a DAO. When you select this option you only need to worry about three things:

1. The name of your DAO;
2. The approval quorum, that is the minimum amount of yes votes to accept a proposal; and
3. People who'll be part of your team, whose will own a council token.

So, let's create a multisig DAO together.

---

1. **Click on `I want to create a multisig DAO` option and the following form will be shown:**

![multisiformempty](/img/multisig-DAO/multisig-form-empty.png)

:::tip
Checking `Create a test DAO` will make your DAO be linked to a test Program ID instead of the default one.
:::

2. **Name your DAO**

![multisigformname](/img/multisig-DAO/multisig-name.png)

3. **Select the minimum percentage of `yes votes` to approve a proposal. The default is 60%**

![multisigquorum](/img/multisig-DAO/multisig-quorum.png)

4. **And click on the
   ![teamplusbtn](/img/multisig-DAO/team-plus-btn.png)
   button to add wallets to your team.**

:::tip
Note that you can place as many wallets you want, one per line.
:::

![multisigteam](/img/multisig-DAO/multisig-team.png)

:::danger Remember
The current connected wallet is required. If it is not automatically included in the members list, include it or the transaction will result in an error.
:::
**After following this steps, you should have something like the image below:**
![multisigteam](/img/multisig-DAO/multisig-form.png)

**Then just click create, your wallet will pop up asking for signature. Approve to create the tokens and deploy the DAO.**

After the transaction is complete, you'll be redirected to the DAO's page.

Commit message:

Delete old Wizard doc, update Multisig (#44)
* Commit

* Commit

* commit

docs/DAO-Management/creating-DAOs/multisig-DAO.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Create a Multisig DAO

The multisig option is the first and easiest way to create a DAO. When you select this option you only need to worry about three things:

1. The name of your DAO;
2. The approval quorum, that is the minimum amount of yes votes to accept a proposal; and
3. People who'll be part of your team, whose will own a council token.

So, let's create a multisig DAO together.

---

**Click on `Create DAO` on the home page and option and the following wizard will be shown:**

![multisiformempty](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22420711/178862160-75a2bd5a-133e-47a2-a487-9b7ad6f66137.png)

**Click on the 'Multi-Signature Wallet'option**

![multisiformempty](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22420711/178862472-2e64a49c-9a75-4e82-8fd5-3c07f73dd1f0.png)

**Name your wallet**

![multisigformname](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22420711/178863059-7e4650e4-f32c-4d93-90e6-dc4345defe8a.png)

:::tip
Realms will provide a governance program ID by default, users can add their own customer Program ID under Advanced Options at this step in the multisig wallet wizard.
:::

**Invite Members**

Input solana addresses to add members to the multisig wallet

![multisigformname](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22420711/178865759-52d5b47e-1370-4008-972b-4f5d6aa888c6.png)


**Select the minimum percentage of `yes votes` to approve a proposal. The default is 60%**

![multisigquorum](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22420711/178866502-70616cea-1564-4237-9541-10602726b98c.png)


**After following this steps, you should have something like the image below:**
![multisigteam](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22420711/178866847-f6ca16f3-c3c1-491b-9442-70a715cb86f0.png)

**Then just click `Create wallet`, your wallet will pop up asking for signature. Approve to create the tokens and deploy the DAO.**

After the transaction is complete, you'll be redirected to the DAO's page.
